EASY
Once upon a time, Princess Reshma went to Prince Leo's birthday party. Leo lived in a castle. Reshma expected Leo's party would be really fun. So she walked to the bridge. The bridge went over the moat by the castle. Oh no! An crocodile guarded the bridge! Reshma didn't know how to get past the crocodile to cross the moat. Then she had a thought! "Crocodile, please let me cross the bridge. Then you can come to the party, too!" "Okay. And I promise not to eat anyone at the party!" So Reshma crossed the bridge and went in the castle for the party. "Hi Reshma! You're early to the party!" said Prince Leo. "I wasn't expecting you yet. I'm setting up the party! We need flowers. Can you help me?" "Okay. I can help. I saw buttercups outside." Reshma walked outside. Then she picked a bunch of nice yellow buttercups. She gave one flower to the crocodile so he would look nice for the party. Then Reshma went back to the castle. Reshma and Leo put the flowers in a nice vase for the party. Then the party started! Everyone from the kingdom was at the party! They all had a great party. The end!


HARD
Once upon a time, Princess Reshma attended Prince Leo's birthday party, which was at Leo's castle in a nearby kingdom. His party would be really fun, Reshma expected. So to his kingdom she traveled, but when she reached the bridge over the moat outside his castle, an crocodile was guarding it! Oh no! Reshma didn't know how to get past him and cross over the moat, but then she had an idea! "Crocodile, if you let me cross the bridge, you can come to the party, too!" "Okay!" He agreed, "and I promise not to eat anyone there." So across the bridge Reshma went, up to Leo's castle. "Hi Reshma - you're early to the party!" said Leo. "I wasn't expecting you yet - I'm still setting it up! We need flowers - can you assist me?" "Okay, I can assist. I saw many buttercups out across the river." She crossed back over the bridge to get some flowers, picking a bunch of nice yellow buttercups. On her way back inside the castle, she gave one to the crocodile, so he would look nice for the party. Reshma and Leo arranged the flowers in a lovely vase - all prepared! Then it was party time! Everyone from the kingdom attended! They all had a great party. The end!
