EASIER
Once upon a time, Croc guarded a prince in a castle. Croc swam in the moat around the castle. And so the prince expected he would stay in the castle forever. Then one day, a princess saw the prince in the castle. "Hey prince! Are you stuck?" "Yes, I'm stuck! The mean crocodile won't let me out!" So the princess walked to the bridge spanning the moat. "Mister Croc, you aren't nice. Let out the prince!" "But the evil king said to keep the prince inside! The king's power spans the whole kingdom. I do what he says!" "No. Let the prince out! Then we can fight the evil king together!" "Well.. Okay!" So Croc let the prince out of the castle. Then the princess looked for the evil king. The prince and Croc helped. "I expect the king will try to run away!" Then the princess found the king! He was stuck in the trees! "Over here!" "Evil king! You can't get away!" But the king ran. So the prince and Croc chased. Then Croc bit off the king's head! The king could not bother anyone again. So the prince, the princess, and Croc walked back to the castle. They lived happily ever after! The end.

EASY 
Once upon a time, a prince was stuck in a castle. A crocodile named Croc guarded the prince in the castle. Croc swam in the moat around the castle. And so the prince expected he would stay in the castle forever. Then one day, a princess walked over. And then princess saw the prince up in the castle. "Hey prince! Are you stuck?" "Yes, I'm stuck! The mean crocodile won't let me out!" So the princess walked to the bridge spanning the moat. She talked to the crocodile. "Mister Croc, you aren't nice. Let the prince out of the castle!" "But the evil king told me to keep the prince inside! The king's power spans the whole kingdom. I do what he says!" "No. Let the prince out of the castle! Then we can all fight the evil king together!" "Well.. Okay!" So Croc let the prince out of the castle. And then the princess looked for the evil king. The prince and Croc helped. "I expect the king will try to run away!" And then the princess found the king! He was stuck in the trees! "Over here!" "Evil king! You can't get away!" But the king ran. So the prince and Croc chased. Then Croc bit off the king's head! The king could not bother anyone again. So the prince, the princess, and Croc walked back to the castle. They lived happily ever after! The end.

HARD 
Once upon a time, a prince living in a castle was captured. The prince, who expected to stay captured forever, was guarded by an evil crocodile, who swam around in the moat around the castle. Then one day, skipping down the path, came a princess from a distant kingdom! She spied the prince up in the castle. "Hey prince, are you stuck?" "Yes - the mean crocodile won't let me go free!" So, approaching the bridge spanning the moat, the princess said, "You aren't very nice, Mister crocodile. Why aren't you letting the prince go free?" "The evil king told me not to, to keep him inside! With the king's evil power spanning the whole kingdom, disobeying him is not an option." "No, I have an idea! If you let the prince go free, then we can all battle the evil king together!" "Well... Okay!" agreed the crocodile, letting him out. Then, together, they began searching for the evil king. "I expect he will try running away!" "Hm..." "Over here!" She shouted because she had spotted the king in the nearby woods! "Evil king! You cannot escape!" But away ran the king, until the crocodile caught up and bit off the evil king's head! Defeated, never again could he bother anyone! So, returning to the castle, the prince, princess, and crocodile lived happily ever after! The end.

