EASY
Once upon a time, a baby dinosaur named Matty lived by a big pond. Matty played in the clumps of grass. He played by the palm trees too. "Grrr, I am a mean and scary dinosaur! I will be king of the dinosaurs!" Matty pretended he was the scary king of the trees spanning the land by the pond. "Oh, Matty, you're too small to be scary!" said the big stegosaurus. "Watch me! I'll scare Tim! You'll see!" "You can't scare Tim." "Yes, I can!" "No, you can't." So Matty walked behind a clump of leafy bushes near Tim. Matty tried to walk softly so Tim would not hear him. Then Matty hid behind a tall leafy palm tree. He jumped out from behind the tree! "BOO!""Ah! You startled me!" But Tim was not scared. He was just startled. "Hah! See? I am scary!" said Matty. But Steggie said, "No, you're still not that scary." "But I will be scary when I'm big! My scary shadow will span the whole pond!" "Maybe..." So Matty decided to scare Steggie next. He would show Steggie how scary he could be! The end.

HARD
Once upon a time, Matty, a baby dinosaur, lived beside a big pond. Playing among the clumps of grass and by the palm trees, Matty enjoyed pretending to own the trees spanning the land around the pond. "Grrr, I am a mean and scary dinosaur! I will be the king of the dinosaurs!" "Oh, you're too little to be scary!" said the stegosaurus. "Watch me! I'll scare Tim!" Tim was the tall dinosaur. "You'll see how scary I am!" "I bet you can't scare him." "Yes, I can!" "No, you can't." So, over Matty snuck behind a clump of bushes near Tim, trying to step very quietly so Tim would not hear him. But, being really tall with his head in the trees, Tim probably couldn't hear the little dinosaur anyway. So, hiding behind a tall leafy palm tree, Matty waited. Then out he jumped! "BOO!" "Ah! You startled me!" But Tim was not scared, though, just a bit startled. "Hah! See? I am scary!" Matty was delighted, but Stegosaurus said, "No, you're still not very scary." And so Matty said, "But I will be when I've grown bigger! My scary shadow will span the whole pond!" "Maybe..." So Matty decided to scare Stegosaurus next, to show him just how frightening he could be! The end.










