EASY
Once upon a time, two dinosaurs named Bailey and Steg lived by a pond. Bailey was tall. Bailey ate the palm trees. Steg was short. Steg ate the clumps of grass. But a meat-eater named Momo walked to the pond, too! Momo ate dinosaurs like Steg and Bailey. So one day, Momo was hunting! He was really hungry. Bailey was scared. So Bailey ran away as fast as she could run. Momo chased her. But Bailey was both big and fast. Momo the meat-eater couldn't catch her. So Momo ran after Steg instead. Steg was scared! He was slow, so he could not run. Steg climbed a palm tree to get away. But Momo followed him! So Steg jumped from the tree into the water! Steg plunged to the bottom of the pond. Then he swam to the top of the water. Momo was still in the tree! Steg could get away. So Steg hid behind a clump of bushes. Momo jumped into the pond from the tree. He plunged to the bottom of the pond! While Momo was underwater, Steg ran to Bailey in the trees. Momo climbed out of the pond. He could not see Steg or Bailey anywhere! The dinosaurs were safe! The end.


HARD
Once upon a time, two dinosaurs, Bailey and Steg, lived beside a pond. Being tall, Bailey munched from the leafy palm trees, while Steg, who was short, gobbled up the clumps of grass. But a meat-eater named Momo snuck over to their home as well. He liked to eat dinosaurs like Steg and Bailey. So one day, Momo was going hunting to get food, because he was hungry! Bailey, being afraid, dashed away as swiftly as she could! She was really speedy even though she was big, so when Momo the meat-eater chased after her, he couldn't catch up with her at all. So he decided to go after Steg instead, who was scared. Too slow to run away, he went up a palm tree to escape, but he was followed! So he dove out to get to the water, plunging all the way to the bottom, then swimming back up to the surface. Momo was still perched up in the tree, still looking for him! Steg could escape! So he scampered away, hiding as quietly as he could behind a clump of bushes while Momo jumped from the tree to chase after him. Momo plunged to the bottom of the water. While he was underwater, Steg joined Bailey in the distant trees. When Momo emerged, he could not find Steg or Bailey anywhere! The two were safe! The end.















