EASY

Once upon a time, Ally played with her cat and her dog. "I wish Ryan could come over." But her mom said Ryan couldn't come over. So Ally played by herself. She sat on the sofa. "Okay, Dog. Let's pretend I'm in a magic show! You are my helper." So Ally picked up the blue ball from the rug. "I'll make this ball disappear!" She threw the ball behind the sofa. "Ta-da!" Her dog fetched the ball. "Now my helper will make the ball re-appear!" Dog came back and revealed the ball in his mouth. "Ta-da!" Then Ally picked up a box. "Now I'll make the ball hide in the box!" She put the ball in the box. "Look! The ball is gone!" Then Ally turned the box over, revealing the ball. The ball fell onto the floor. "Ta-da!" Then Ally looked at the cat. "Cat, you are supposed to clap! But the cat was asleep. Ally frowned at her cat, who did not clap. The cat snored instead. "I wish you were awake. Fine. Dog, catch!" Ally threw the ball. Her dog happily caught the ball. Then Ally took a bow. "That's the end of the magic show!" The end.


HARD
Once upon a time, a girl named Ally was playing with her pets. "I wish Ryan could come over." But when her mom said he couldn't come over, Ally played all by herself. Perching on the edge of the sofa, she said, "Okay, Dog, let's pretend I'm a magician in a show! You can be my amazing assistant." Ally picked up the blue ball from over here on the rug, saying, "I'll make this disappear!" She tossed it behind the sofa and said, "Ta-da!" When her dog ran over to fetch it, she said, "Now my assistant will make it reappear!" On cue, Dog returned, revealing the ball in his jaws. "Ta-da," Ally said, being an amazing magician. Then she picked up a box, announcing, "Now I'll make the ball vanish in here!" So then she placed the ball into the middle of the box, and she said, "Look, it's gone!" Then Ally tipped the box upside-down to reveal the ball, which tumbled out onto the floor. "Ta-da!" Glancing over at her cat, Ally said, "Cat, you are supposed to clap!" Ally frowned at her cat, who, being asleep, did nothing but snore at her, which wasn't very helpful. "I wish you were awake. But fine - Dog, catch!" As Ally threw the ball, her dog happily jumped up high to catch it. Then Ally took a bow, and said, "that was the grand finale of the magic show!" The end.

