EASIER
Once upon a time, a girl named Emma played in her living room. Her dog and cat played too. "I wish I was a pirate!" So she pretended the sofa was a pirate ship. She was the captain. And then she stood up and looked at the ocean which was the rug. Dog was first mate. He jumped on the sofa next to her. Woof! And then Emma put the cat on the chair. It was an enemy ship! And then she gave the cat two boxes that were treasure chests. And then she pretended to sail! "Okay Dog! We're sailing! I wish I had a real ship. Ahoy! Prepare to be boarded!" She ran over and the dog ran over to climb on the cat's ship. "Ahoy! Surrender! We're boarding your ship!" Emma tossed the cat overboard onto the floor. And then she took all the cat's treasure back to her ship! So she sailed away with the loot! The end. 



EASY
Once upon a time, a girl named Emma played in her living room. Her dog and her cat played, too. "I wish I was a pirate!" said Emma. So Emma pretended the sofa was a pirate ship. Emma was captain. She stood up and looked out at the ocean, which was the rug. Her dog was first mate. He jumped up on the sofa next to her. "Woof!" Then Emma put her cat on a chair. The chair was the enemy ship! Emma gave the cat two boxes that were treasure chests. Then she went back to her own pirate ship. She pretended to sail. "Okay, Dog, we're sailing now! Ahoy!" she yelled at the cat. "Prepare to be boarded!". Then Emma and the dog ran over and climbed aboard the cat's ship. "Ahoy! Surrender! We have boarded your ship!" Emma tossed the cat overboard onto the floor. Emma and the dog took all the cat's treasure back to their pirate ship. "Don't you wish you were a pirate, too, Cat? Then you could come with us!" "Meow!" So Emma and the dog sailed off with the loot! The end.



HARD
Once upon a time, a girl named Emma was playing in her living room with her dog and her cat. "I wish I was a pirate!" said Emma. So, pretending the sofa was a pirate ship, Emma proclaimed herself captain. Balancing up on top of the armrest, she gazed out at the ocean, which was actually just the rug. Her dog, the first mate, jumped up next to her on the sofa. "Woof!" Then Emma placed her cat on a chair, which was the enemy ship! She gave the cat two boxes that she pretended were treasure chests. Then, going back to her own pirate ship, she pretended to sail away. "Okay, Dog, we're sailing now! Ahoy!" she yelled at the cat, who sailed the enemy ship across the ocean. "Prepare to be boarded!". Emma and the dog scampered over across the floor, hopping onto the enemy ship as fast as they could. "Ahoy! Surrender! We have boarded your ship!" Tossing the cat overboard onto the floor, Emma and the dog plundered the treasure and returned with all of it to their own pirate ship! "Don't you wish you were a pirate, too, Cat? Then you could join us on our grand adventures!" "Meow!" Then Emma and her first mate dog sailed off with the loot, leaving the cat behind, who just fell asleep again anyway. The end.





