EASY
Once upon a time, two penguins played in the snow! They built a big snowman. The small penguin rolled a big snowball for the snowman base. The big penguin rolled two small snow balls for the snowman body and head. Then they gave the snowman eyes and a massive carrot nose! The carrot was bigger than any carrot the penguins had ever seen before! And last, the penguins gave a hat to the snowman. The small penguin stood on a chunk of ice to put the hat on the snowman's head. But the penguin slipped and dropped the hat! Right then, a seal snuck out from behind an ice chunk. The seal grabbed the hat! Oh no! The seal ran away! The penguins chased the seal up a massive iceberg. But the penguins couldn't catch the seal! The seal slipped back down the iceberg. So the penguins followed! The penguins wanted the snowman's hat! So the penguins slid faster than the seal. At the bottom of the iceberg, they caught him! "That's the snowman's hat, not yours!" So the penguins took back the hat and put it on the snowman's head. The end.

HARD
Once upon a time, two penguins played in the snow. They decided to build a big snowman. While the little penguin rolled a great big snowball for the base, the big penguin fashioned two small snow balls for the body and head. They stacked the snowballs on top of each other. Then they added eyes to the face and a massive carrot for the nose, which was bigger than any carrot the penguins had ever seen before! Last of all, they decided to put a hat on the very top of the snowman's head. As the little penguin stood on top of a chunk of ice to reach the snowman's head, he slipped and ended up dropping the hat! Right then, a seal snuck out from behind an ice chunk and grabbed the hat! Oh no! The penguins chased the seal to the top of a massive iceberg, but couldn't catch up to him. When the seal slipped back down again, the penguins followed as fast as they possibly could! They wanted to get that hat back! The penguins slid down way faster than the seal, so at the bottom of the iceberg, they caught up with him and demanded he give back the hat! "That's the snowman's hat, not yours, so you can't have it!" So, rescuing the hat, they put it back on top of the snowman's head. The end.











