EASY
Once upon a time, a little penguin named George lived at the South Pole. George lived in the snow with many other penguins. George liked to climb up massive icebergs. He liked to slide back down in the snow. Wheee! One day, George and his friend Gabby climbed an iceberg together. Gabby also lived at the South Pole. George and Gabby climbed over ice chunks up to the very top of the iceberg. Up, up, up! George wanted to slide down the iceberg. But Gabby felt scared. "Why are you scared, Gabby? Sliding in the snow is so much fun!" "But we're so high up! What if we slip and hit the chunk of ice at the bottom?" "Okay, I'll slide down with you!" So George and Gabby slid down the iceberg together - wheee! They slid so fast! They landed in a massive snow pile. Gabby thought sliding was fun. She wanted to slide down the iceberg again. This time, Gabby said they should bring their friend Sally the Seal with them.  So George, Gabby, and Sally climbed back up the iceberg together. Then they all took turns slipping and sliding back down the iceberg! The end. 

HARD
Once upon a time, there was a little penguin named George who lived in the snow at the South Pole, with many other penguins. George enjoyed climbing up to the very top of massive icebergs, then sliding all the way back down on his belly, beak first! Wheee! One day, George walked over to a tall iceberg with his friend Gabby, who also lived at the South Pole. Together, they climbed over ice chunks up to the very top - up, up, up! "All right, let's slide!" said George. "I don't want to because I'm afraid." "Why are you scared, Gabby? It's is so much fun!" "But we're so high up, and it's so far down! What if we slip and hit the chunk of ice at the bottom?" "Okay, I'll slide with you!" So George and Gabby slid all the way down together on their bellies - wheee! - landing in a massive snow pile. They went super fast! Thinking it was just splendid, Gabby wanted to slide again, so she and George decided to head back up to the top again. But this time, Gabby figured they should bring their friend, Sally the Seal, along with them! So, after the three of them all climbed up to the top of the iceberg, they took turns slipping and sliding back down again! The end.
