EASY
Once upon a time, two green aliens crash landed on a big red planet when their space shuttle broke down. "Oh no!" So the aliens looked for help. Then the big alien got a whiff of cookies! "Hey, someone is baking cookies! Come on!" "Look, a house, up on the hill!" The aliens walked up the hill and knocked on the house door. A blue alien opened the door. "Hi!" "Hi! Can you help us fix our ship?" The small alien leaned forward and took a big whiff of air. "Are you baking cookies? They smell so good!" "Yes! Have a cookie!" But the blue alien had a secret plan! The cookies put the green aliens to sleep. So then the blue alien snuck off to board the space shuttle! He wanted to steal it! But the green aliens woke up and ran after him. "Hey, wait!" The blue alien tried to take off in the ship! But the ship was broken. So the green aliens boarded the ship, too. "Don't take our ship!" "But I want to get off this planet!" "Well, help us fix our ship. Then we'll take you with us!" "Okay!" So the aliens all fixed the ship and flew away! The end. 


HARD
Once upon a time, two green aliens were traveling through space when their space shuttle broke down, causing them to crash land on a big red planet! So the aliens set out across the red rocks to find help, walking until the big alien caught a whiff of cookies! "Hey, someone is baking cookies! Come on!" "Look, a house, up there!" They went up the hill, knocking on the door after arriving. A blue alien opened the door. "Hi!" "Hi! Can you help us fix our ship?" The small green alien, leaning forward, took a big whiff of air - "and are you baking cookies? They smell so good!" "Yes! Have a cookie!" However, the blue alien had concocted a secret plan! The cookies put the green aliens to sleep, allowing the blue alien to sneak out and board the space shuttle! He was going to steal it! But, just in time, the green aliens awoke, and running after him, shouted, "Hey, wait!" So the blue alien tried to take off to escape, but the ship was broken! So the green aliens boarded too, saying, "Don't take our ship!" "But I'm tired of this place; I'd like to travel somewhere else!" "Well, if you help us fix the ship, we'll take you with us wherever we go!" "Okay!" So, fixing the ship together, they all flew away! The end.
