EASY
Once upon a time, an alien mother, alien father, and an alien kid named Ella lived in an ancient house on a red planet. Today was the alien father's birthday! But he had to work. So the alien father climbed into the space shuttle. Then he flew to work. While he was at work, Ella and her mother baked a surprise! They baked a birthday cake! The cake was for the father's birthday party. Ella's mother put the cake in the oven. Later, Ella's mother opened the oven to see the cake. Ella smelled a big whiff of chocolate! The cake was done! Ella waited by the door for her father to get back. Ella waited and waited. Then she saw her father fly home! "Look, Father's space shuttle!" The alien father walked in the door. He smelled a whiff of chocolate! "Did you make a cake?" "Yes! We baked a cake for your birthday!" "How old am I now?" "You're ancient! Are you a million years old?" "Almost a million," said Ella's father. Then the aliens ate cake! They had a great birthday party. The end.


HARD
Once upon a time, a family of funny aliens lived together in an ancient house on a red planet. There was an alien father, an alien mother, and an alien child named Ella. Today was the alien father's birthday, but he still had to go to work anyway. So after he climbed into the space shuttle to head off to work, Ella and her mother prepared a surprise for when he returned! They were going to have a party, and they baked a cake to celebrate, too! Later, when Ella's mother opened the oven to see if it was done, Ella received a big whiff of chocolate! It was done! After Ella's mother took the cake out to cool, they frosted it, and then Ella waited by the window for her father to return. She waited, and waited. Eventually, he got back. "Look! His space shuttle is back!" So they got the cake ready on the counter. Then, as the alien father entered the house, he smelled a whiff of chocolate! "Did you two make a cake?" "Yes! Mother and I made it for your birthday!" "So how old am I now?" "Hmm... you're ancient! Are you a million years old now?" "Something like that," said Ella's father. Then the aliens all ate cake, having a great party! The end.
