EASY
Once upon a time, Tinna the turtle started on an adventure! She wanted to find the ancient, wise rabbit.  The rabbit told fortunes in the spruce tree forest. So Tinna walked through the forest. Tinna walked and walked. Then she discovered a squirrel. "Oh squirrel, where can I find the wise rabbit? I want to speak to her and ask her my fortune." "Keep walking down this path and you'll find the wise rabbit," said the squirrel. So Tinna kept walking. She saw many pretty yellow flowers. She picked a flower for the wise rabbit. Then she kept walking. She walked and walked. Turtles are slow, you see. Then Tinna was hungry. So the squirrel jumped from a spruce tree and gave Tinna some nuts to eat. Then Tinna found a rabbit! "Are you the ancient, wise rabbit?" "Yes, I am!" said the rabbit. "I brought you flower. What is my fortune?' "Ah, young turtle! Only you can discover your fortune!" "That's not fair." "You make your own fortune!" So Tinna said, "Okay." Then Tinna left and walked off to make her own fortune. The end.


HARD 
Once upon a time, a turtle named Tinna headed out on an adventure! She sought the ancient, wise rabbit, who lived in the forest of spruce trees, telling fortunes. So Tinna began traveling through the forest to find the rabbit. After walking and walking, she discovered a squirrel! "Oh squirrel, where can I find the wise rabbit? For I want to speak to her and ask my fortune." "If you keep going down this path, you'll find the wise rabbit," the squirrel said. So Tinna kept crawling along, going and going. She spied many pretty yellow flowers along the path, so she picked one to give to the wise rabbit. Then Tinna kept walking. She walked and walked, because turtles are slow. When she got hungry, the squirrel hopped down from where it had been sitting in a spruce tree, handing her some nuts to munch on. Then Tinna stumbled upon a rabbit! "Are you the ancient, wise rabbit?" "Yes, I am!" "I brought you a flower, so now, will you tell me my fortune?" "Ah, young turtle. Don't you know? Only you can discover your fortune." "That's not fair!" "Your fortune is what you make it, young turtle." Tinna thought about that. "Okay," she said. So Tinna departed to go off to create her own fortune. The end.
