EASY
Once upon a time, Floppy the rabbit lived in the trees. Floppy the rabbit played hide-and-seek with his friends, Turtle and Squirrel. Squirrel was the seeker. Squirrel hid his eyes. Then Floppy hid behind a spruce tree. He pretended to be a buttercup. Turtle hid behind a bush. He pretended to be a rock. Squirrel looked and looked, but couldn't discover Squirrel or Floppy! Then Squirrel bumped into Turtle. "Oh! I thought you were a rock!" Turtle laughed. Turtle was good at hiding! But Floppy was still hidden! So Squirrel kept looking. "Where are you, Floppy?" Then Squirrel saw one of Floppy's long gray ears by a tree! Floppy was behind the tree! "Found you!" "My turn! You hide." So Floppy hid behind a different spruce tree. The tree was by some buttercups. Turtle couldn't discover him! Squirrel climbed a tree and sat on a branch. Turtle couldn't see that high in the trees. So Turtle couldn't find Squirrel, either! So Turtle kept looking. He looked for hours! Then he saw Floppy's ear sticking out from behind the tree. "I found you!" But Turtle still couldn't find Squirrel. Eventually, it got dark out and they all got sleepy. So Squirrel had to show his hiding place. Squirrel had won the game! The end.

HARD
Once upon a time, a rabbit by the name of Floppy lived in the woods with his friends, Turtle and Squirrel, where they enjoyed playing hide-and-seek together. This time, Squirrel was seeking, so he went to hide his eyes while the other two hid. So Floppy snuck behind a spruce tree, pretending to be a buttercup. Turtle, hiding behind a bush, tried hard to look like a rock. Searching and searching, Squirrel couldn't discover either of them! Then Squirrel bumped into Turtle: "Oh! I thought you were a rock!" Turtle laughed, since he was the best at hiding! But Squirrel still hadn't found Floppy, so off he went, searching more. “Where are you, Floppy,” he asked. Then, spotting the tip of one of Floppy's long gray ears peeking out from the edge of the tree, he shouted, “There you are! I found you!" "Now you two go hide." Thinking hard, Floppy decided to sneak over behind a different spruce tree to hide by a patch of buttercups, where Turtle couldn't spot him! Squirrel scampered up a tree to perch on a branch. Turtle, who couldn't see up that high, couldn't discover him, either! He looked for hours, then, again, he spotted Floppy's ear from behind the tree! "I found you!" Turtle still couldn't find Squirrel, though, so eventually, because it was getting dark and they were all getting sleepy, Squirrel had to show his hiding place. Squirrel won the game! The end.
