EASY 
Once upon a time, a blue bird and an orange butterfly were friends. The butterfly landed on flowers. She fluttered around in the sky. One day, the butterfly fluttered to the tree to see her friend, blue bird. The bird made tea and cookies in the tree for them to eat. But then the bird saw a dragon in the grass! "Oh no! The dragon might eat us! Quick, hide!" So the butterfly and the bird flew down behind a bush in the grass. The dragon couldn't see them. "Shh!" said the bird. "Don't reveal where we are!" The dragon looked around. Then he flew up to the tree. "I wonder where everyone is? I just want to find someone to play with!" The bird looked out from behind the bush. "Really? I like to play." "Let's be friends! We can play together!" So the bird and the butterfly revealed themselves. The three animals played hide and seek together. They took turns hiding behind the trees and the bushes in the grass. "I'll go first!" So the dragon and bird hid. The butterfly hid her eyes. She was the seeker. "I wonder where you are.... Found you! Found you!" The animals had lots of fun. The end.

HARD
Once upon a time, two friends, a blue bird and an orange butterfly, lived by a meadow. The butterfly liked fluttering around in the sky and dipping down to the flowers. One day, she fluttered up to visit her favorite friend, the blue bird. They were snacking on tea and cookies, perched on a tree branch, when they suddenly spied a dragon down below in the meadow! "Oh no, it might eat us! Quick, we should hide!" So the butterfly and the bird swooped down behind a bush, where the dragon couldn't see them. "Ssh, don't reveal where we are!" said the bird. The dragon came down from the opposite tree, wondering, "where is everyone? I just came here to find someone who might want to play!" The bird cautiously popped his head out from behind the bush to see the dragon. "Really? I like to play." "Oh, good! Let's all be friends and then we can all play together!" So the bird and butterfly both popped out from behind the bush, revealing themselves to the dragon. Then, deciding to play hide and seek together, the three animals took turns hiding behind the bushes. "I'll go first!" So the dragon and bird both hid while the butterfly hid her eyes so she could not see. "I wonder where you are.... Found you! Found you!" The three animals had a delightful time! The end.
