EASY
Once upon a time, a dragon lived in a tree. The dragon was big and purple. He always bumped into things when he flew. Sometimes he plunged to the ground. One day, he saw a butterfly fluttering in the sky. The butterfly flew gracefully. "I wonder if I could be a butterfly?" So the dragon pretended to be small and delicate, like a butterfly. He tried to flutter gracefully, but he bumped into the tree branch. That didn't work. Then the dragon saw a blue bird dip and dive in the sky. "I wonder if I could be a bird?" So the dragon pretended to be graceful like a bird. The dragon tried to dive as he flew. Instead, the dragon plunged too far! He hit a bush on the ground. That didn't work. Then the bird and the butterfly flew over. "Dragon, you don't have to be like us!" "But I bump into everything!" "But you are big and strong," the butterfly said. "Yes," the bird agreed. "You can fly so high. You never get tired!" The dragon realized he could fly in his own special way, even if he did bump into trees. "Thanks, friends!" he said. Then they all flew together. The end!

HARD 
Once upon a time, a big, purple dragon lived up high in a tree. Being very clumsy, he always bumped into things when he flew around, sometimes plunging to the ground. One day, while perching in his tree, the dragon watched a butterfly fluttering in the sky. The butterfly flew very gracefully. "I wonder what it's like to be a butterfly?" So the dragon pretended to be small and delicate, like a butterfly. He tried to flutter gracefully, but instead he bumped into the tree branch, hitting his head. That didn't work. Then he spotted a blue bird dipping and swooping in the sky. "I wonder what it's like to be a bird?" So, pretending to be graceful like a bird, the dragon tried to dive as he flew. Instead, he plunged too far, hitting a bush on the ground. That didn't work. "What should I do?" As the bird and the butterfly flew over, they said, "Dragon, you don't have to be like us!" "But I bump into everything - I'm so clumsy!" "I wish I could be like you," said the butterfly, "so I would be big and strong." "Yes," agreed the bird, "you can fly so high and you never get tired!" The dragon realized that he, too, could fly in his own special way, even if he was clumsy. "Thanks, friends!" he said, and then they all flew around together! The end!
